hi it's Karen from Karen's royal beauty
we're here at part to contour and
highlight I decided to show you powder
versions of contour highlight shades so
this is a collection from body and soul
and these are perfect examples of shades
that you can use to count on highly
depending on your skin color these three
shades are perfect for highlight the
lighter shades and then the darker
shades are perfect for contour like I
said we should go about two to three
shape lighter or darker than your
natural skin tone so for shawna i'm
doing a mix of these two we're just
going to use a little powder to go over
the areas where we did our highlight
earlier and for contour it is great to
use an angled brush like this it really
lets you get right into the cheekbones
that we're going to do
this color and you really want to be
careful about the contour and highlight
you don't want it to look too harsh to
it's just really thought if you know why
Jolin you can use a little bit that to
make it kind of receive and look more
angular not a big fan if you're going to
do the contour for the nose we need to
get a narrow brush because you don't
want it to eat you wide and looking so
you just want to narrowly go down the
side of the nose
and Flynn that
I'm going to stop before you get to the
novel school and if you messed up
remember a foundation or a little bit of
moisturizer on your foundation brush is
perfect 24 raise any mistakes you just
want to keep it really soft and natural
they're like would take a clean brush
with nothing on it and just kind of
blend over everything just make it look
really smooth we said we want this to
look very natural even to the eye we
don't want people looking at you and
wondering like what's going on dry
cleaners you're going to be in a show it
should be very soft announcer just
enhance your natural bone structure here
you go apart to contour highlight which
is a little bit of powder or contour to
further enhance your bone structure hope
you enjoyed it